(/scratch/bbaral3/venv) [bbaral3@qbd2 bbaral3]$ cat lstmoutput.log
Checking if we got in
Testing LSTM model on prompt generation

Prompt: Which do you prefer? Dogs or cats?
Generated: said the count. I have been waiting for you. I have been waiting for you. I am going to see you, said the count. I have been waiting for you. I am going to see you, said the count. I have been


Prompt: Messi is the goat, wouldn't you agree?
Generated: I have not seen him. I have been in the galleys. I have been in the galleys. I have been in the galleys. I have been in the galleys. I have been in the galleys. I have been in the galleys. I have


Evaluating Perplexity...
Test Loss: 4.3423 | Perplexity: 76.88

Evaluating BLEU score...
Printing first 5 bleu scores.

Prompt: <bos> by matter; for certain ugly features have a cause in the very depths of eternal beauty. There was an unknown quantity about Thnardier; hence the absolute empire of the man over that woman. At certain moments she beheld him like a lighted candle; at others she felt him like a claw. This woman was a formidable creature who loved no one except her children, and who did not fear any one except her husband. She was a mother because she was mammiferous. But her maternity stopped short with her daughters, and, as we shall see, did not extend to boys. The man had but one thought,how to enrich himself. He did not succeed in this. A theatre worthy of this great talent was lacking. Thnardier
Correct: was <eos>
Generated: was a man of <eos>
BLEU Score: 0.1000
Printing first 5 bleu scores.

Prompt: <bos>Queequegs, or rather Yojos, touching the selection of our craft; I did not like that plan at all. I had not a little relied upon Queequegs sagacity to point out the whaler best fitted to carry us and our fortunes securely. But as all my remonstrances produced no effect upon Queequeg, I was obliged to acquiesce; and accordingly prepared to set about this business with a determined rushing sort of energy and vigor, that should quickly settle that trifling little affair. Next morning early, leaving Queequeg shut up with Yojo in our little bedroomfor it seemed that it was some sort of Lent or Ramadan, or day of fasting, humiliation, and prayer with Queequeg and
Correct: Yojo <eos>
Generated: the <eos>
BLEU Score: 0.2236
Printing first 5 bleu scores.

Prompt: <bos> capering, and no one could hold the miser. At the second note the hangman let his prisoner go, and danced also, and by the time he had played the first bar of the tune, all were dancing togetherjudge, court, and
Correct: miser, <eos>
Generated: the other. The <eos>
BLEU Score: 0.0913
Printing first 5 bleu scores.

Prompt: <bos> you to meet my girl. I think hed tanked up a good deal at luncheon, and his determination to have my company bordered on violence. The supercilious assumption was that on Sunday afternoon I had nothing better to do. I followed him over a low whitewashed railroad fence, and we walked back a hundred yards along the road under Doctor Eckleburgs
Correct: persistent <eos>
Generated: . The <eos>
BLEU Score: 0.1291
Printing first 5 bleu scores.

Prompt: <bos> from her age and disposition, greater steadiness than first attachments often boast; and so fervently did she value his remembrance, and prefer him to every other man, that all her good sense, and all her attention to the feelings of her friends, were requisite to check the indulgence of those regrets which must have been injurious to her own health and their tranquillity. Well, Lizzy, said Mrs. Bennet, one day, what is your opinion now of this sad business of Janes? For my part, I am determined never to speak of it again to anybody. I told my sister Philips so the other day. But I cannot find out that Jane
Correct: saw <eos>
Generated: was not to be married. She was a very good man, and she was not a man of <eos>
BLEU Score: 0.0171
Average bleu score on 100 samples: 0.1080
